tiup: add documents of completion, mirror clone, and list command (#4965)
pingcap/docs: tiup/tiup-command-completion.md

---
title: tiup completion
---

# tiup completion

To reduce user costs, TiUP provides the `tiup completion` command to generate a configuration file for automatic command line completion. Currently, TiUP supports to complete `bash` and `zsh` commands.

If you want to complete `bash` commands, you need to install `bash-completion` first. See the following instructions:

- On macOS: If your bash version is lower than 4.1, run `brew install bash-completion`; otherwise, run `brew install bash-completion@2`.
- On Linux: Use a package manager to install `bash-completion`. For example, run `yum install bash-completion` or `apt install bash-completion`.

## Syntax

```sh
tiup completion <shell>
```

> `<shell>` is used to set the type of shell commands. Currently, `bash` and `zsh` are supported.

Reviewer: 我不知道有没有shell commands 这个说法，但是我觉得好像 `the type of shell you use` 更接近一些

> `<shell>` is used to set the type of shell commands. Currently, `bash` and `zsh` are supported.

Author: ```suggestion
`<shell>` is used to set the type of shell you use. Currently, `bash` and `zsh` are supported.
```
